**BY CLICKING ON THE “INSTALL” BUTTON, YOU ARE GRANTED THE RIGHT TO USE OUR SOFTWARE FOR FREE SUBJECT TO THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS. BY DOWNLOADING OR USING THE SOFTWARE, YOU ARE CONSENTING TO BE BOUND BY THESE TERMS AND CONDITIONS AND ARE BECOMING A PARTY TO THIS AGREEMENT. YOU ARE AN INDIVIDUAL ACTING ON BEHALF OF AN ENTITY, AND YOU REPRESENT AND WARRANT THAT YOU HAVE THE AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT ON BEHALF OF THAT ENTITY. IF YOU DO NOT HAVE SUCH AUTHORITY, YOU ARE SOLELY RESPONSIBLE FOR ALL ACTS AND OMISSIONS RELATING TO YOUR USE OF THE SOFTWARE. IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO ALL OF THE TERMS OF THIS AGREEMENT, DO NOT CLICK THE “DOWNLOAD NOW” OR “INSTALL” BUTTON OR OTHERWISE USE THE SOFTWARE.**

**PLEASE NOTE:** if You have an existing, separate agreement with Us in respect of Our products and/or services, these terms and conditions do not supersede such agreement with respect to those products or services.

1. **Definitions.** “*Documentation*” means the operating instructions and user manuals provided with the Software and/or available on Our website. “*License*” means the license defined in article 2 hereunder. “*Software*” means the object code versions of Our software product currently named ‘XL TestView’. “*Test Specifications*” means a reference by the Software to tests that the Software can execute and to a test tool’s test results that the Software can analyse. “*Use*” means use of the Software by You to define, execute and analyse all tests relevant for the quality of Your software applications, but for Your own internal business purposes only. “*We*”, “*Our*” and “*Us*” means XebiaLabs, Inc., a corporation with its principal place of business at 98 North Washington Street, Suite 501, Boston, MA 02114, United States of America. “*You*” or “*Your*” means the legal entity who is granted a License to Use the Software under these terms and conditions.
2. **License.** We grant You free of charge a non-exclusive, non-transferrable, non-sub licensable right to Use the Software and Documentation within your legal entity and under these terms and conditions. Your Use of the Software is limited to a maximum of ten (10) Test Specifications at any given moment. The License does not include the right to copy, reproduce, resale, distribute, lease, rent, sublicense or otherwise make the Software available to any third party without Our prior written approval. The License does not include the right to reverse-engineer, decompile, disassemble or otherwise attempt to determine source code or protocols from the Software. You shall not create or attempt to create any derivative works from the Software. We retain all rights not expressly granted to You in this agreement.
3. **Support.** During the thirty (30) day period directly following Your first download of the Software (the “*Support Period*”) You may create support tickets via Our support website which We will aim to resolve. You may also submit support questions on the support forum on Our website. Upon expiration of the Support Period, You automatically lose Your right to create support tickets. You may, however, continue to submit support questions on Our support forum after expiration of the Support Period. We reserve all other rights regarding the provision of support not expressly granted under these terms and conditions.
4. **Contact.** We may use the information provided by You, including without limitation phone numbers and email addresses submitted by You, in accordance with Our privacy policy ([www.xebialabs.com/privacy-policy](www.xebialabs.com/privacy-policy). If You have any questions, please contact Us. Our contact details are provided in Our privacy policy.
5. **Warranty and Liability.** We warrant that We are entitled to license the Software and Documentation to You. We do not warrant that operation of the Software shall be uninterrupted or “bug” free. THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT ANY IMPLIED OR OTHER EXPRESS WARRANTIES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND MERCHANTABILITY. Our liability for damages concerning the performance or non-performance by Us in relation to these terms and conditions, and regardless of whether the claim for such damages is based in contract, tort, strict liability, or otherwise, is limited to an amount of $ 100 USD. In no event shall We be liable for any indirect, incidental, special, punitive or consequential damages, lost data or lost profits, even if We has been advised to the possibility of such damages.
6. **Intellectual Property.** Title, ownership rights and all intellectual property rights in and to the Software shall remain Our sole and exclusive property and that of Our licensors. If a third party claims that Your use of the Software infringes any patent, copyright, trademark or trade secret, You shall promptly notify Us thereof. We shall have no liability for any third party claim of infringement based upon Your use of the Software under these terms and conditions. You shall not remove any of the logos, product names or trademarks applied in or on the Software and Documentation. You shall have no right to use any logos, product names or trademarks without the prior written consent of Us or our licensors.
7. **Term and Termination.** The License continues for an indefinite period of time, unless terminated by either party for convenience by providing the other party written notice of termination and taking into account a notice period of sixty (60) days. Termination of the License disables the Software and will prevent You from using the Software thereafter. We may terminate the License immediately if You breach any of these terms and conditions. Upon termination of the License, You must promptly purge the Software from all computer memories and storage devices within Your control and confirm such purge to Us in writing.
8. **Confidentiality.** You acknowledge that the Software and Documentation contains valuable trade secrets and confidential information of Us. You warrant that all of the information received by Us which is known to be or should be known to be confidential in nature, shall remain secret ￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼￼and be kept confidential by You, unless a legal obligation mandates disclosure of that information. You shall only use confidential information for the purpose for which it has been provided.
9. **Miscellaneous.** You shall comply with any export control laws. None of these terms and conditions are enforceable by any person or entitywho is not a party to it. These terms and conditions constitute the entire agreement between Us and You regarding the Software and Documentation and no amendment to these terms and conditions will be effective unless in writing and signed by both parties hereto. The provisions of these terms and conditions are to be considered separately, and if any provision hereof should be found by any court or competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable, these terms and conditions will be deemed to have effect as if such invalid or unenforceable provision were severed from these terms and conditions. These terms and conditions are governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, excluding its conflict of law rules and the UN Convention for the International Sale of Goods (CISG). Any dispute regarding these terms and conditions, or disputes arising from these terms and conditions, shall be subject to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts.